Added deprecation notice in readme (#10)
instana/instana-php-sdk: README.md

 **Warning:** 
Instana PHP SDK is deprecated. One year from today, we will officially end support and declare it End of Life (EOL).

> We strongly encourage all SDK users to migrate their applications to the [OpenTelemetry SDK Instana exporter](https://github.com/opentelemetry-php/opentelemetry-exporter-instana). Please refer to our [OTel SDK exporter](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/1.0.296?topic=php-opentelemetry-exporter) documentation for guidance on the usage process.

Reviewer: - The first link seems like a dead link
- The version in the second link for documentation can be changed to `current`, though I'm not sure how consistent that will be, so keeping it as `1.0.296` could also be good.
```suggestion
We strongly encourage all SDK users to migrate their applications to the [OpenTelemetry SDK Instana exporter](https://github.com/instana/opentelemetry-php-exporter). Please refer to our [OTel SDK exporter](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=php-opentelemetry-exporter) documentation for guidance on the usage process.
```

Author: @dhuang00 , the links are kind of place holder for now , since IBM exporter is not yet merged to OSS.
Once exporter is available in OSS , we can replace the links.

I am planning not to merge PR until OSS PR is merged.

Author: I have updated the exporter link to the one in GitHub.com/instana/opentelmetry-php-exporter , since OSS PR Is not yet merged and we don't have quite good outlook on when that can be merged.
